= Muninn

Muninn is an extremely lightweight single-user blog software running on Rails 3. Muninn is meant to be a sandbox project for me to try new technologies in, and then write about them as I do.

== Installation

Use your preferred method for deploying a Rails app and your preferred database on your preferred server. 
Once running, click the "Setup" link in the top nav bar, and enter your info, then click "create blog".

Use the top nav bar to manage posts/installation info. When you need to login, point your browser at www.yourwebsite.com/admin

== What's in a name?

Muninn is one of Odin's two ravens, the other being Huginn, that flew all over Midgard and brought information back to Odin.

Muninn is Old Norse for "memory".

== Credits

The "Muninn" logo is an adaptation of a work by DUCKMARX.
The original work can be found here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/duckmarx/4422066759/
This logo is released under the following license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Zachary Wright

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
